Remove QDE Link on CCM Setup Doc (#438)
chocolatey/docs: input/en-us/central-management/setup/index.md

When setting up Central Management, currently, the CCM packages do not provision the SQL Server Database Permissions that are required for the CCM components to function.  It is assumed that the necessary permissions have already been provided (see the [FAQ](#how-can-i-add-sql-server-permissions-through-powershell) for one method of doing it).

> :warning: **WARNINGS**
>
> * Unless otherwise noted, please follow these steps in **exact** order. These steps build on each other and need to be completed in order.
>
> * All deployed components of the CCM packages should **always** be the **SAME VERSION**. The only time you should not have this is when you are in a state of upgrading and that transition time should be quite short.
>

> :memo: **NOTES**
>
> * Please read through all of this prior to running installation as you could run into issues that require support to help you correct later.
>

> > * If this seems like a lot to set up, you have access to the [Quick Start Guide](xref:c4b-quick-start-guide). Making setup of Central Management just running one powershell script. We also offer our [Chocolatey For Business Azure Environment](xref:qdeazure). It comes preloaded with Central Management and other Chocolatey recommended infrastructure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> * If this seems like a lot to set up, you have access to the [Quick Start Guide](xref:c4b-quick-start-guide) which makes setup of Chocolatey Central Management just one PowerShell script. We also offer our [Chocolatey For Business Azure Environment](xref:qdeazure). It comes preloaded with Chocolatey Central Management and other Chocolatey recommended infrastructure.
```

### Executable script code found in signature block

> When attempting to install some components of Chocolatey, you may have seen this error. This was a bug due to how the script at [Step 1: Internalize Packages](#step-1-internalize-packages) was exasperating a known issue at <https://github.com/chocolatey/chocolatey-licensed-issues/issues/155>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When attempting to install some components of Chocolatey, you may have seen this error. This was a bug due to how the script at [Step 1: Internalize Packages](#step-1-internalize-packages) was [internalizing packages](https://github.com/chocolatey/chocolatey-licensed-issues/issues/155).
```
